can I go home now mr. Haney I don't feel
well
did you think there was something fishy
about Francine's story yeah does she
expect us to believe she was hurrying
home to do her chores
how about does she think we are I think
Arthur meant the bike eating truck was
fishing buster
Francine mustn't want us to find out who
really took her bike why of course
because whoever it is is somebody we all
know and now the question is which one
of us knows how to drive up by eating
truck robbers on helicopters and you
believe her Katherine Francine's had a
tough day and you're not helping can we
just forget about it I know how you feel
huh but who knows maybe it'll find its
way back to us somehow dad it's a bike
not a dog anyway there's someone in this
room who knows more than she's saying
go away so after you chased these
robbers then what then I was lost and I
wandered around with them Nisha until I
hit my head on the rock and all my
memory came back that's from the movie
we saw last week you'll have to do
better than that if you want a new bike
yes frenzy I thought I should tell you
good night sweetie something else you
want to talk about no thanks dad
good night we think we know what
happened to your bike these guys who
swiped your bike did one of them look
like this no it has to be binky can't
you forget about it it's not your
business anyway we're only trying to
help
Wow don't
I say binky's behind it and it's up to
us to make him confess how we volunteers
dramatize and if attacks across wired to
right this terrible wrong then so be it
what do you want are you telling
everyone I stole Francine's bike what if
I am I did I did Francine I know I know
I didn't really steal it I just sort of
threw it away so leave me alone thanks
to you
you found it yeah it was right here
I guess the thieves got scared and
dumped it in the trash dad it wasn't
thieves it was me
I know why'd you do it Francine because
everyone was making fun of me and I
thought if it got stolen maybe you'd buy
me a new one I can understand how you
felt but it's no excuse for lying about
it I know dad
I guess I didn't want to hurt your
feelings I knew how much the bike meant
to you
I'm really sorry did you really ride
that bike to school every day uphill
both ways Wow hey maybe we can fix it up
how about it dad all it really needs is
some paint I say what are we waiting for
ladies we'd like to present Francine's
new and completely restored bicycle and
now the moment of truth the test drive
Francine you first dad you sure I
wouldn't to deprive you of the moment
you've been waiting for I'm sure be
careful honey don't worry just a little
spin around the block just to make sure
it's absolutely safe